that's it and then I've got one tin of
pineapple that I sort of crushed down
only pineapple chunks or rings of
pineapple just fall down take out all
the juice and spice it up a little bit
of mix spice and a couple teaspoons of
sugar just give that a really good mix
there mix that in then take your
pineapple mixture and put it on top of
one buttered side of the bread scrape
that out a couple of really sort of heat
spoons there really power that up in the
middle and then take the butter side and
put that on top and just push your
fingers around the edge there to create
that licky island effect take a couple
of eggs to our bowl add some cream and
just beat that top give that a little
bit of a rhythm mmm really you got a lot
of rhythm here in the islands I tell you
they love their music they love their
food and I'm not surprised because it's
surrounded by these beautiful
translucent altar now little bit more
mixed spice that's it then add a couple
of teaspoons or um make it tablespoons
you could use the pineapple juice that
you've extracted from the pineapple I
think the wrong kind of had something
extra special to it movie people love to
make movies in this island what about
that great Hollywood star Errol Flynn ah
it's a lovely story that's told about
him he was cruising down in his yacht to
Port Antonio and he got shipwrecked the
old swashbuckler getting sick report
Antonio lovely he arrived on the island
and he said hey this is where I want to
live
in fact he proclaimed that it was more
beautiful than any of his woman let's
get our pan on to the bar be there I'm
sitting it on top of nice hot coals
there that's what you want so we can
toast our sandwich nice and quickly all
right now just a pad and not a butter -
there yes melt that down - see there
see beginning to foam at the edge there
okay take hold of your sandwich shop
that inside extra just turn that over
there that's what soaks up some of that
lovely spicy rummy egg I'm just going to
slide that just look at all that butter
folding up around the edge that's really
hot underneath there that's what you
want
lovely they can see all that the foam is
just beginning to settle down there now
I think it's about time to turn it over
it's been on for about a minute and a
half there - flick that up lovely crispy
golden top there so butters all melted
into it mmm the aroma is a bit special
well lovely and once all that foaming
butter has died down and you've got a
nice golden French toast just slide that
onto your board isn't that beautiful
oh that sprinkle it a little bit more
mixed spice on top if you wanted to you
could quite easily use a bit of cinnamon
there and of course and touch more sugar
and all that hot butter would just melt
into it
you